---
layout: articles
title: Starting with Material Design Lite
meta: Starting with the Material Design that google has give to start making all our web pages and apps the way they have always do and that lots of people always wanted to know.
category: mdl
Author: Miguel Angel Covarrubias Reynoso
Date: 2015-08-19
Link: ['https://en.bem.info/method/' , 'https://www.google.com/design/spec/material-design/introduction.html' , 'http://www.getmdl.io/']
---

<p>Hi, today I'm going to talk about Material Design Lite I haven't recently know a lot of CSS because I have always been more interesting on making things work than just adding some design to the things that I have done but for this time it's going to be diferent.</p>

<p>The next are going to be just the basics your will need just for getting started on the world of Material Design. On the button of this post I will let the links of everithing I will talk about.</p>

<p>Lets start with somethig really important and for my it's always to know how it everything works. for getting started i recomend to first take a look to the Material Design web-page to start getting to know how everything works and know every type of instruction and also get to know when and how to use them and don't try to make things being worst and just make everything more simple to your life.</p>

<p>The first thing you will need to get started on the MDL traning you will just need to know very well how to use the clases on the simple HTML files you may already know, the MDL classes uses the BEM Methodology that is basically "A typical website development process is based on the assumption that the design and technical specification for a website do not change in the course of its development." -Vitaly Harisov, Sergey Berezhnoy, Sergey Belov.</p>

<p>If you are related with this type of method you should be ready for start using MDL and it will be just like playing for you. if your not familiar with this methodology you don't need to worry, it very easy to comprehend and also this will open your mind in ways you may have never seen in the way of organizing everything on your HTML and CSS files.</p>